Add method and benchmarks for pooling metric options (#6394)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support exporting logs via OTLP over gRPC in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config`. (#6340)
- The `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otellogr` module.
  This module provides an OpenTelemetry logging bridge for `github.com/go-logr/logr`. (#6386)

> - Updated the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp/internal/semconv` `RecordMetrics()` to used a pool for the addOptions slice which reduced allocs/op. (#6394)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a pool for the semantic convention metrics options in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#6394)
```

- The `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otellogr` module.
  This module provides an OpenTelemetry logging bridge for `github.com/go-logr/logr`. (#6386)
- Added SNS instrumentation in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws`. (#6388)

> - Use a pool for the semantic convention metrics options in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#6394)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use a pool for the semantic convention metric options in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#6394)
```
